Father, two people, he is Quan Zi.
Here are people like me and the Ye family who are both top testers in the world.
There are tens of millions of adults in the Meng family.
My lord, everyone is in the world,
I asked you to prepare to go to Liwu, prepare to come in the same way,
Feel free to sympathize. They are all very nice, come here,
What is it? Master Tianwen’s good knife,
It’s my family, Ye Mu, who can’t go here.
Maybe someone with a knife for advancement.
It's just a sword, as long as my lord likes it.
It's a day to go
It's almost too late
why should i leave
Gifts from the Ye family and the public
It’s okay if they all come to Mr. Lu
From then on, the two of them exchanged words with each other.
The most important thing
Like Lord Long
I can't help but leave now
Looks like a solution, good night
Come with me
Don't be confused
Are you going to work?
I tell you
Otherwise, you have to establish a relationship with him
You also went in, Chen Xuan
I tell you
Usually we are too lazy to protect you.
Now Mozi and the Ye family
take revenge on you
You don't want to leave Liangliang in my house. That's right.